AGENT-DRAFT: APIM-13008 — JMS Endpoint Plugin (#1182)
gravitee-io-labs/beta-docs: docs/apim/4.10/release-information/release-notes/apim-4.10.md

* Kafka Gateway exposes native latency metrics for publish/subscribe analytics.

<!-- PIPELINE:APIM-13008 -->
#### **JMS Endpoint Plugin for Enterprise Messaging Integration**

* Connects Gravitee APIM to JMS-compliant message brokers (ActiveMQ Classic, ActiveMQ Artemis, IBM MQ, Solace) as backend endpoints for both producer and consumer operations.
* Supports JMS API versions 1.1, 2.0, and Jakarta JMS 3.0 with automatic fallback for asynchronous send operations when providers don't support async messaging.
* Offers provider-specific configurations with dedicated properties for major brokers, plus a generic JNDI-based model for other JMS providers.

> * Requires Enterprise license (`apim-connectors-advanced` pack) and manual placement of JMS provider client libraries in the `./plugins/jms/ext/` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Requires Enterprise license (`event-native` pack) and manual placement of JMS provider client libraries in the `./plugins/jms/ext/` directory.
```
